well unfortunately I am rejoined once
again by prolly who is returning to
North America after I did everything I
could to banish him across the ocean and
he's back you yes you don't think it was
me like leaping to freedom away through
the ocean I don't think that was it
though I
I gave HT I said I will pay his salary
and then I lost my job at Yahoo I can't
afford it anymore so that's why you're
back over here yes yes well no that's
not how that that's not what the story
was the point is you're back and you're
gonna be coaching for a new team yeah
which team 100 these baby okay so how
did this whole thing come about did you
want to come back to North America
did you was it did they approach you
give me the story yeah so it was almost
like it was meant to be we both kind of
decided like they reached out at the
same time I was considering coming back
to North America and they're one of the
first organizations I talked to and I
got a really good vibe from them and
they're really like supportive and they
kind of wanted to make it like a coach
centered roster and team building stuff
so just a lot of the things aligns and
it was like within the first like hour
of talking to them it made sense like
this is kind of org I want to go with
yeah were you the first league of
Legends guy to join the org because I
know that 100 thieves obviously comes
from sort of the Call of Duty background
all kind of stuff
were there other League of Legends folks
involved in this or are you kind of sort
of setting the tone for the entry in
terms like roster and put team
philosophy all that kind of stuff yeah I
think I'm the first one to kind of start
in the League of Legends part of it so I
got to do or I'm getting to do you know
like all the kind of stuff I wanted to
always yeah so they're really
understanding that they're like new to
all of League of Legends so they weren't
really like imposing their own beliefs
and stuff so I didn't have to like fight
anyone like they really trusted what I
was doing and like my thoughts so yeah
so it was fun to be like I guess the
first league of Legends parts yeah of
this whole project
let's talk a little bit about the roster
that you're assembling so as we record
this only some of the players are
announced yeah I don't know how many
additional players you want to talk
about now and then we'll save this
interview until after they're announced
because I don't know how conversations
are going but you know let's talk about
the guys that are announced so far and
then we'll figure out how to handle
faker being announced was a bit of a
shock yeah yeah I kind of didn't want
him because I mean the whole yeah I mean
I saw cigs is pretty weak yes and his
champion pool could be better yeah and
he was really strict on this like meta
thing mm-hmm and it's just really
talking to him as annoying man yeah like
you said are you actually signing
alright so I mean who do you know about
you've announced the top three of the
map at this point in time shoot at yes
so who do you who do you have at the top
lane is this yes yes I said top lane is
gonna be mister someday okay so how did
he end up on the team um and what sort
of the philosophy behind picking him up
he's just a really good player ya know I
mean we just looked at stats and news
use a high stat player here no I he's a
really flexible player and he's not
selfish which is I think pretty hard
amongst the top lane pool a lot of
players want to be like the star top
laner and although he's been a star
before he doesn't seem like he has to be
he's comfortable being the role player
if he needs to and he just has
ridiculous laning ability so being able
to be a role player and have strong
laning I think was really rare and
that's something that he brought that
others didn't and that was like a big
selling point for him okay jungle jungle
would be Mateos potatoes is that mattias
is Jiri bred trash is reading himself so
yes media's going with Mateos now yeah
yeah no but medias not a new player to
North America one of the first players
on the NA LCS so he's coming back and he
we kind of saw him like half in half out
before so what's what's the deal now
yeah
because I know reading reddit that was a
big question that was like you know is
how dedicated is this guy and that's for
sure one of the first questions I had
when I you know talked to him about it I
wouldn't I won't say interviewed him
right but I definitely reach out to all
these players to get like a good feeling
for them before I decided on anything
and that was definitely one of the
bigger concerns was like where have you
been recently like you know what was the
cause of all this like why do you think
you're ready to come back now and why is
this different than at any other time
and he had really good answers for
everything he really seems motivated to
like move into this new split with like
a different kind of attitude and he's
been around long enough that he has this
kind of maturity in the way he views how
a team relationship needs to be he
doesn't really have this like baggage
that a lot of old veteran players have
how it used to be and stuff he's really
excited to have a atmosphere be like the
correct way yeah can I kind of strive
for it and not just settle for like you
know this is the way it's always been so
he's like a veteran player who was like
really eager to try like more new things
and he's really really hungry
probably the hungriest player I've
talked to you amongst like this whole
roster should feed him yeah yeah we'll
get him nice and fat don't worry
middling middling is my old boy mr. Ryu
yeah how much of your previous
involvement with him played a role in
and bring him onto this roster um it
played a lot because similar to like
Mateos this could it's a similar two
videos yeah he was another one where a
lot of redditors who were concerned with
like his performance in summer splints
you know and knowing him for the two
years when I first became a coach so he
knew me when I was a terrible coach when
I had no clue and I'm just doing and now
it's not much better yeah so last year
he knew you yeah sure here yes not much
better but at least it's a year of
mistakes under my belt sure so I really
kind of like grew into my coaching style
with him as my mid laner so I was really
comfortable the way he played in the way
he liked to view the game and I had a
big talk with him about how like this
last summer
split was for him and like what happened
went through his brain and his like
reaction this last split was really
predictable when he was explaining how
like the atmosphere was and stuff like
that and he's a player who's really
dependent on how the team is he's like
an emotional sponge yeah like he's not a
really loud person outside a game so if
everyone's like upset around him he's
gonna be upset as well so building this
kind of roster with these really
positive kind of players is gonna really
benefit him a lot and then the last
piece why I think we would be perfect
fit is because aphromoo has been signed
ooh okay so I also come out as this is
announced yeah
yes Hey nadeshot off on the side many
embargoed interviews before so he opera
is a perfect fit for you as well so
early on in building this roster I'd say
is a little irresponsible thinking so
far ahead that I would be able to get
three you someday medias yeah in
aphromoo but when I first was building
this roster in my head that was kind of
the picks out of the Hat I decided on
yeah and I just worked out really well
and a big reason why those two fit
really well together is because like Rio
is always a really loud voice that it
always comes at a cost of his like
mechanical ability because you'd have to
focus on too many things as a
shot-caller and so there's always kind
of like a dream of his in a way to have
a shot calling support and that's
something that he's never had and I've
never really been on a team with a shot
calling support really I mean afro is
pretty confident in the way he likes to
play the game and the way he likes like
you know kind of prove the play style
like I said the team sure and he had a
lot of stuff to do with how CLG played
and he was really close with NYX their
coach so hopefully he likes me yeah and
he'll be able to do some like kind of
the pattern strategies that I see out a
game and he'll be able to implement them
in game and be that kind of shock Lord
for like Ryu and meteos to kind of
transition them into this like brand new
team so I don't know all the pieces like
work really well in my head yeah
and so that's your roster it's just more
players yeah you don't even need an ad I
mean oh really okay so you're gonna
coach an ad carry yes no I mean still
looking for the ad right now
yeah ad is still undecided okay because
yet
Ephram it was kind of a long process and
I really want to make sure it's an ad
carry that works well with afro yeah I
definitely don't want to have this like
a forced botlane where I'm just like
picking someone that I like and he
doesn't so we're working with him so
it's taking longer to find an ad carry
then yeah I mean that's kind of nice I
mean I think a lot of the teams I was
surprised in some situations at how
quickly they just like I mean at least
according to the reported rumors just
like had less roster right then and it's
nice to see that you guys are taking a
bit of a longer approach on sort of
constructing this thing well also like I
think something that's lost right now is
like people don't interview enough like
backstory of players and stuff like no
one's ever asked me on any of my players
that have been like brought on nobodies
what asked me about my previous players
ah yes so I'm doing that with everyone
asking like hundreds of people hundreds
but all these backstories have questions
because oh I see what you're saying
interview okay you're saying nobody
adjust the reference check thing yeah is
this person crazy
will they punch a hole in a wall as you
ask any player like hey you know what
champions do you play they're gonna I
can play everything Yeah right and then
it comes down to and they're like yes
yeah that was you though yeah we're just
talking about you now yeah so okay so
you are now entering a pretty
competitive landscape yes because as
much people as much as people want to
meme about na like there are a lot of
big-name heavy hitters coming of the
space not just on the orc front but
we're seeing more and more players come
over
faker didn't make it this time but maybe
yes sorry but maybe next year couldn't
couldn't make it under hundred thieves
but how are you going to make sure that
this team can make it to Worlds this
year
I mean I think a lot of positive things
we have going for us is it's a coach
built roster and I've spent a lot of
time coaching teams two worlds I've made
it twice which is nice so you're like
I'm the reason we're gonna be the reason
we're gonna know these players
complement each other really well and I
think a lot of these rosters people are
picking pure strength and then aren't
really thinking about how is it gonna
work out all together because when the
meta changes I think some of these teams
are gonna like fall really hard and a
lot of these teams are just like
dependent on these like star players
playing really well and everyone else
being role players and I think with this
team there's a lot of balance a lot of
meta resistant players and I think
that's gonna play a big role at least
going into summer split I think sprinkle
is gonna be like 5050 because like a lot
of power teams coming in so like the way
like attitude you know breaks up teams
won't happen in some of these
organizations until summer and some of
these teams I just have like you have
really heavy hitters and like solo lanes
and stuff like that I think they'll have
a good spring split and stuff but over
like this eight months man I think a lot
of teams aren't really looking at yeah
how to be good in eight months you know
they want to be good now like this month
and a lot of our choices are not like
look at these players are gonna come out
and just dominate everyone it's like I
think in like six or seven months these
players will be the best in the role hmm
very exciting stuff all right
setting aside the roster back to you
really quickly here at the end where is
your allegiance at you know whenever you
were an na player then you went to
Europe and when I interviewed you over
there you like to just make fun of North
America yeah and but now you're back in
North America and I'm questioning your
allegiance a little bit well I think
it's I mean I was able to make fun of
North America because I was from there
okay so it is much more satisfying okay
you know so I think now I get I get to
make fun of everyone and I have like a
full of me like if I talk crap about you
it's like I was in you for three years
like come on man it's it's fine I'm
joking so now I kind of get to make fun
of
every one and I'm really excited about
that prospect yeah um but no I mean I
want to be a good change for North
America this year because International
has always been an issue so you're
taking everything you learned in Europe
and coming here to North America to save
us yeah I basically stole all the
information they had and now I'm coming
back to give it back to the land of the
free
okay very good we'll take that so
anything you want to say to any one
hundred thieves fans out there thank you
for you know this is a big change from
I'm sure they'd Schatz community is very
different from League of Legends I'm
really happy that everyone's really
accepted him I mean I've read Reddit and
that's I assume the community the
important one and you guys have all been
really supportive everything so I'm
really happy about that and all the
community that doesn't know the league
legend side yet from call of duty I hope
you guys follow us because we're
definitely really goofy people and we'll
be a good story to see yeah it's a lot
more anime and League of Legends I think
that in Call of Duty they've got tons of
everything okay okay well yeah I don't
really follow me coming up next stay
tuned yeah very good you can check out
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
a lot of you might not know this but
back in the day when I did interviews
with Avila she actually made me pay her
in incredibly expensive imported anime
and body pillows and all this stupid
stuff and so my bank account is just
shot now if you would like to help me
out you could do so over at Travis
CARICOM slash support